In this exercise, your goal was to get a better understanding
of how to view user activity in AWS CloudTrail.
I'm going to check CloudTrail in my account and show you how I
searched for specific security-related events that are of interest to me.
So in my AWS account,
I'll go into the CloudTrail event history page.
Here I would like to know when an S3 bucket encryption setting was changed.
I can first search on resource type,
and here I will select S3 as my resource type.
This will show me all actions related to S3 buckets in my account.
Now, I can search for a specific event name in the filter.
So I wanted to know when the encryption setting was
turned off on any S3 buckets in my account,
so I'm going to search for the delete bucket encryption event name.
So in the search results you can see that there were
three events which were the delete bucket encryption.
I can expand the results and see details about each event.
Notice I can see which user executed the action,
what their source IP address was,
and you're in which resource, which S3 bucket,
they perform the action on,
and I can see a lot more details about the event if I need to.
I highly recommend that you use a combination of CloudTrail, AWS config, CloudWatch,
and other tools if possible to monitor
your AWS account for security-related changes to any of your resources.